Update quickstart for `zenml go` (#625)
zenml-io/zenml: examples/quickstart/README.md

- Track model hyperparameters and metrics in an experiment tracking tool
- Measure and visualize train-test skew, training-serving skew, and data drift

> **New to MLOps?** Then you might want to start with our [**ZenBytes**](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenbytes) lesson series instead where we cover each MLOps concept in much more detail. This quickstart assumes you are already familiar with basic MLOps issues and just want to learn how to approach them with ZenML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**New to MLOps?** You might want to start with our [**ZenBytes**](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenbytes) lesson series instead where we cover each MLOps concept in much more detail. This quickstart assumes you are already familiar with basic MLOps concepts and just want to learn how to approach them with ZenML.
```
